feat: introduce `--keyring-dir=...` flag (#7436)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Better key output, pubkey go-amino hex bytes now output by default
* gaiad init overhaul
  * Create genesis transactions with `gaiad init gen-tx`

>   * New genesis account keys are automatically added to the client keybase (introduce `--home-client` flag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * New genesis account keys are automatically added to the client keybase (introduce `--keyring-dir` flag)
```

Author: That's actually ancient news and should not be changed.  But I accidentally changed it.  It should remain `--client-home`.
